Thursday October 2, 2025:
Discussed for 45 minutes the foundations of our project. This included focusing on completing the landing page for our site (prompting a vistor to log in  as a student, organizer  or adminstrator).
Once the visitor has logged in to the site, we decided that the site functionalities itself would slightly differ depending on if the user is a student, organizer or administrator. 
For Sprint 2, we're going to focus on completing the core functionalities of the Organizer, this includes the issues listed in issue #6 (Event Creation, Event Analytics, Tools). 
The Administrator issues will also begin development this sprint, it will use the Organizer components as a template with its own modifications.
Brainstormed two potential additional features, the first being for Organizers and allowing them to create a draft/preview of their events before publishing it. The second being an event recommendation for students. 





